Document BigQuery RPC settings (#24638)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/bigquery.md

  - Enable using Apache Arrow serialization when reading data from BigQuery.

>     Please read this [section](bigquery-arrow-serialization-support) before using this feature.

Reviewer: Can you remove the "Please" here .. in a separate commit if you want

  - `true`
* - `bigquery.channel-pool.initial-size`
  - The initial size of the connection pool, also known as a channel pool,

>     used for gRPC communication.

Reviewer: do we explain gRPC and RPC somewhere earlier in the doc? If not .. we might want to .. or at least link to some external doc

Author: Let's handle this topic in a follow-up.
The term gRPC is already mentioned in https://trino.io/docs/current/connector/bigquery.html#bigquery-storage-api

  - `1`
* - `bigquery.channel-pool.min-size`

>   - The absolute minimum size of the connection pool, also known as a channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The minimum size of the connection pool, also known as a channel
```

Reviewer: Also ... size in what .. maybe better 

The minimum number of connections in the connection pool, ...

    pool, used for gRPC communication.
  - `1`
* - `bigquery.channel-pool.max-size`

>   - The absolute maximum size of the connection pool, also known as a channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The maximum size of the connection pool, also known as a channel
```

Reviewer: See above also

    pool, used for gRPC communication.
  - `1`
* - `bigquery.channel-pool.min-rpc-per-channel`
  - Threshold to start scaling down the channel pool.

>     When the average of the maximum number of outstanding RPCs in a single

Reviewer: Can we simplify to 

```suggestion
    When the average of outstanding RPCs in a single
```

>     minute drop below this threshold, channels will be removed from the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    minute drop below this threshold, channels are removed from the pool.
```

  - `0`
* - `bigquery.channel-pool.max-rpc-per-channel`
  - Threshold to start scaling up the channel pool.

>     When the average of the maximum number of outstanding RPCs in a single

Reviewer: Same as preceding

    minute surpass this threshold, channels will be added to the pool.
  - `2147483647`
* - `bigquery.rpc-retries`
  - The maximum number of retry attempts to perform for the RPC calls.

>     If this value is set to `0`, the logic will instead use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If this value is set to `0`, the value from `bigquery.rpc-timeout` is used.
```

    `bigquery.rpc-timeout` configuration value to determine retries. 

>     In the event that both the `bigquery.rpc-retries` and

Reviewer: too many "both"

    `bigquery.rpc-timeout` values are both `0`, the logic will not retry.
    If this value is positive, and the number of attempts exceeds

>     `bigquery.rpc-retries` limit, the logic will give up retrying even if

Reviewer: same as preceding

    the total retry time is still lower than `bigquery.rpc-timeout`.
  - `0`
* - `bigquery.rpc-timeout`
  - Timeout [duration](prop-type-duration) on when the retries for the
    RPC call should be given up completely. The higher the timeout, the

>     more retries can be attempted. If this value is `0s`, then

Reviewer: then the value from  `bigquery.rpc-retries` is used.

    the logic will instead use `bigquery.rpc-retries` to determine retries.

>     In the event that `bigquery.rpc-retries` and `bigquery.rpc-timeout`

Reviewer: Retry is deactivated when both .. and .. are `0`.

    values are both `0`, the logic will not retry. 
    If this value is positive, and the retry duration has reached the timeout

>     value, the logic will give up retrying even the number of attempts is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    value, retries stop.
```
